feature/redelcom-how-to-android-apps (#2263)
mercadopago/devsite-docs: guides/redelcom/api-configure-credentials.en.md

```

Once you've performed the encryption, you will get your *token*, named `X-Authentication`. This *token* should be used in the headers of API requests.

> WARNING
>
> Important
>

> > If you need to update the RDCPass application from MacOS or Windows computers, you can learn how to do so by accessing [our documentation](/developers/en/docs/redelcom/how-tos/install-app-android-macos-windows).

Author: ```suggestion
> If you need to update the RDCPass application from MacOS or Windows computers, you will have to contact our team to get the newest version, and access [our documentation](/developers/en/docs/redelcom/how-tos/install-app-android-macos-windows) to learn how to install an Android app on the devices.
```
